8. In view of the above, Japan would like to propose the following elements of the final documents of the 2015 Review Conference for further discussion by States parties.
5. First, nuclear science and technology should be made more accessible to as many people as possible, especially in developing countries.
Nuclear technologies have been used to improve fertilizer application, water use, biological nitrogen fixation, crop and livestock improvement, pest and disease control, and food quality control.
B. Electoral assistance
21. Emphasizes the critical importance of a regional approach to conflict prevention, particularly with respect to cross-border issues such as transnational organized crime, disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration programmes, the prevention of the illegal exploitation of natural resources and the illegal business of high-value commodities, and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects, while emphasizing the central role of the African Union and subregional organizations in addressing these issues;
4. Respect for the rule of law, adherence to the principles of dialogue and cooperation, the protection of democracy and the promotion of human rights should be the main drivers of good governance.
5. On the basis of this conviction, I would like to bring the following to the attention of national and international public opinion:
Agenda item 15 *
Vice-Chairs: Angola and Spain
7. We welcome the efforts made by countries and stakeholders to promote the sustainable management of all types of forests, including the role of collective action by indigenous peoples and local and sustainable forest management communities;
4. As the death toll from improvised explosive devices increases and the cumulative impact of improvised explosive devices on the Mission increases, the response to asymmetric threats will need to be reviewed, and failure to do so will continue to kill and injure MINUSMA personnel, impair the mobility and freedom of movement of military and civilian personnel, and render the Mission unable to resupply team sites by road.
Information technology
B. Article VI and preambular paragraphs 8 to 12
7. The UNICEF strategic plan, 2014-2017, includes an indicator to measure management's performance in fostering a culture of transparency in the organization.
5. The Charter of the United Nations (Sanctions -- Yemen) Regulation 2014 implements the assets freeze imposed by paragraph 11 of resolution 2140 (2014) as follows:
Recalling the Strategy 2011-2015: Towards Goal Zero,
Representatives of member States agreed to establish a South Asian Forum on Sustainable Consumption and Production.
55. The first day of the meeting will bring together governmental and non-governmental stakeholders, including high-level actors active in the implementation of the Ten-Year Strategy of Action, and the wider global public.
The Field Personnel Division has since analysed the data by area, level and mission in an effort to identify areas for improvement.
8. Reaffirms that the protection of civilians must be given priority in decisions about the use of available capacity and resources;
As a result of his resignation, a vacancy has occurred on the Commission among the members elected from the Group of Eastern European States.
24. I would like to reiterate, on behalf of all members of the Commission, our gratitude to the Meeting of States Parties for its continued support of our work.
Although some new monetary policy measures have led to a significant improvement in the public debt crisis, the pace of recovery remains weak.
Many global partnership implementation mechanisms mobilize resources, build technical expertise and capacity, contribute to more effective financing, build momentum on the ground, and help build consensus on various issues.
6. At the 5th and 6th meetings, on 16 April 2015, delegations exchanged views and put forward various proposals on the Chair's revised non-paper of 15 April 2015.
The Commission also decided that the approved agenda would be maintained for the period 2015-2017.
The Committee was further informed that one light vehicle was lost while being transported from one mission to another, and that a total of 48 light vehicles were classified as assets with discrepancies between the records and actual holdings (44 4x4 general purpose vehicles; 2 4x4 vans; 1 4x4 ambulance; and 1 minibus).
61. Autonomous and decentralized government adds another layer of complexity to policy integration in practice.
The Group will have before it a summary of the briefings scheduled to take place on Thursday, 4 June 2015, in the margins of the sixth session.
2. Paragraph 1 (e) does not preclude the application of any other applicable law in support of the formal validity of a contract.
2014 Annual Report on the Evaluation Function in UNICEF and the Management Perspective
The defence and security forces are searching for the remaining fugitives, and the detainees have already been handed over to the competent judicial authorities.
29. Sources of information on monitoring and evaluation of the Goals include the MDG Achievement Fund, the Millennium Villages Project, the Global Partnership for Education, and the World Bank's Global Monitoring Report.
37. With regard to the post-2015 period, a review of OIOS documents and survey data indicates the need for a team to take over the functions of the Inter-Agency and Expert Group.
The European Central Bank launched a monetary stimulus program, which was further expanded in 2015.
At the same time, fiscal revenues declined significantly in Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Haiti (1.8 percentage points), Mexico (1.3 percentage points) and Ecuador (1.7 percentage points).
Week of 2-6 November
67. UNDP informed the Inspectors that all SIDS are covered by either resident or accredited United Nations country teams operating under the UNDAF, involving 19 country and multi-country field offices in SIDS, with additional support from the United Nations Development Programme Pacific Centre and other country offices.
Agenda item 28
The Department is committed to ensuring that United Nations websites remain accessible to persons with disabilities, and to this end, a guide on the topic has been prepared and published for all parties involved in the development of United Nations websites.
Deflationary risks remain, affecting primarily eurozone countries and Japan.
International policy coordination
Brazil has double-checked all nuclear material.
134. The Economic and Social Council system should promote policy integration and coherence in the light of the need to eradicate poverty and achieve sustainable development in the context of the post-2015 development agenda.
For example, addressing the interlinkages between climate change, land, energy, water, and development processes helps to develop integrated solutions in areas such as climate change, land, energy, and water conservation, and to assess the impact of externalities on other sectors.
Comoros
Such actions constitute a flagrant violation of the most elementary principles of international law and of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, in particular the obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force in international relations.
5. Notes the progress made and the key initiatives taken by the Secretary-General to promote a strategic approach to the procurement process and to intensify procurement activities to meet urgent needs, and requests the Secretary-General to continue such initiatives;
19. Recalls paragraph 34 of the report of the Advisory Committee, decides to establish the Regional Procurement Office in Entebbe, Uganda, as a permanent unit of the Procurement Division of the Secretariat, and looks forward to an update on the functions of the Office in the context of the global service delivery model;
1. The eleventh session of the United Nations Forum on Forests (UNFF-11, 4-15 May 2015, New York) will be devoted to a review of the effectiveness of the International Arrangement on Forests (IAF) and, on the basis of that review, a decision on how to strengthen the IAF beyond 2015.
Repeated calls by the Peace Implementation Council to the Republika Srpska authorities, reminding them of their obligation to ensure the High Representative's full and timely access to documents, have had no impact on this situation.
So far, all cantons have adopted budgets for 2015.
7. Review of the methods of work of the Permanent Forum was considered under agenda item 8, "Future work of the Permanent Forum, including issues of the Economic and Social Council and emerging issues."
Abolition of Field Service post of Security Officer (FS-4)
Following the cancellation of the meeting, all opposition parties condemned the Government's decision to continue preparations for the elections and called for an environment conducive to an inclusive and credible national dialogue.
43. Urges continued support for measures to address the challenges facing Africa in terms of poverty eradication, hunger, job creation and sustainable development, including, as appropriate, debt relief, improved market access, support for the private sector and entrepreneurship, fulfilment of official development assistance commitments, and increased flows of foreign direct investment and technology transfer on mutually agreed terms;
The Advisory Committee encourages MINUSCA to continue its efforts to increase the number of French-speaking staff in all components of the Mission.
As at 31 March 2015
In addition, Governments of importing countries or countries purchasing through national production must ensure that these weapons are used solely to protect and ensure the safety of their citizens, and must be confident that they are able to ensure the safety of all weapons and ammunition in their possession throughout their useful lives.
Security Council resolutions on children and armed conflict often lack the means to monitor and implement the action plans required by those resolutions to eliminate and prevent grave violations.
No cases of obstruction of justice have been recorded.
"3. In case of dual nationality, the candidate shall be deemed to be a national of the State in which he ordinarily exercises his civil and political rights."
7. The Advisory Committee expects that every effort will be made to settle outstanding liabilities for all missions in liquidation.
Trading in influence is partly criminalized in § 308 CC, which deals with aspects of passive trading in influence (art. 18 (b) of the Convention).
Reject de minimis exclusionary clauses or substantially reduce their significance;
19. Experts estimate that the economies of the Arab least developed countries grew by an average of 2.4 per cent in 2014, compared to 3.6 per cent the previous year.
Its economy has also been adversely affected by European stagnation.
46. Despite this focus on gender-mainstreaming mechanisms and the scarcity of material (16 out of 1,101) on gender research and analysis, overall gender perspectives are still poorly integrated and integrated into research and analysis.
In addition, the Mechanism has appointed focal points on gender issues; sexual exploitation and abuse; lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues; and multiculturalism and inclusion.
The Mechanism continues to have jurisdiction over the following three of the nine fugitives: Félicien Kabuga, Augustin Bizimana and Protais Mpiranya.
The third International Pledging Conference for Syria, to be held in Kuwait City on 31 March, will provide such an opportunity.
Mr. Hugh Griffiths, Air Transport (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland);
Director, Data, Research and Policy
Additional resources
The Netherlands also conducted a self-assessment and hosted a comprehensive regulatory review mission at the end of 2014.
Other topics
12. Furthermore, one of the outcomes of the Vienna Conference was a pledge by the Government of Austria (the Austrian Commitment) to share the results of the initiative, thereby encouraging States parties to the NPT to reaffirm their commitment to the Treaty, in particular article VI, and to take measures by all States to reduce the risks posed by nuclear weapons.
United Nations General Assembly
Sixth session
1. The inalienable right to the peaceful uses of nuclear energy is one of the pillars of the Non-Proliferation Treaty, along with nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
The Committee expects that this outstanding claim will be settled expeditiously.
Administrative Assistant (Security)
26. Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel participating in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations, bearing in mind paragraphs 5 and 6 of Security Council resolution 1502 (2003) of 26 August 2003;
12. Also requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Force is administered with a maximum of efficiency and economy;
2. The purpose of these recommendations is to provide guidance to contractors on the following issues:
Elizabeth Verville (United States)
By the same decision, the Conference of the Parties requested the Secretariat to make the necessary arrangements for the first meeting of ENFORCE and to report to the Conference of the Parties at its twelfth meeting.
3. Stresses the need for focused and results-oriented deliberations on the agenda items of the Disarmament Commission;
34. The UNRWA Zaitoun Preparatory B Girls School is located in a densely built-up area of Gaza City, close to the UNRWA headquarters compound.
Efforts by the international coalition have weakened ISIL's capabilities and deterred its operations, but much remains to be done.
Abolition of Medical Officer post
"From a formal point of view, the constituent instruments of international organizations are multilateral treaties to which well-established rules of treaty interpretation apply."
292. The Special Committee underscores the importance of efforts to strengthen mission-based induction training on gender and child protection issues.
The Philippines ranks increasingly high in the Global Competitiveness Index, and has made the most progress of any country, rising 23 places since 2010.
Eight strategic areas have been identified, as shown in figure V.
This work serves as a model for other international financial institutions and United Nations organizations wishing to demonstrate their strong commitment to the rights of indigenous peoples, including in the area of self-development.
59. The Commission considered item 3 (h) of its agenda at its 5th and 6th meetings, on 5 and 6 March 2015.
A number of economic, social, and environmental decisions have been identified as key to achieving the MDGs, either through their direct impact on specific goals and targets, or indirectly through the creation of the necessary enabling environment.
It is also important to continue all mitigation and adaptation measures at the regional, national, subnational and community levels.
76. Given the positive contribution that the arrests made by MINUSCA have made to the fight against impunity, the mandate of MINUSCA for urgent temporary measures should also be extended.
a. Substantive servicing of meetings: Working Party on Intermodal Transport and Logistics (12);
20.33 Executive direction and management comprises the Office of the Executive Secretary, including the Executive Secretary, the Deputy Executive Secretary, the Secretary of the Commission, as well as the Programme Management Unit, the Development Strategies and Cross-Sectoral Coordination Unit and the Information Services Unit.
This reaffirms our position on nuclear disarmament.
25. We consider it important to recognize the contribution of nuclear-weapon-free zones to strengthening the disarmament and non-proliferation regime.
Management also notes that during 2014, it significantly expanded its own capacity on the harmonized approach to cash transfers (HACT) and other forms of partnership management, and is now providing more support to country and regional offices.
The regional office is focusing on supporting nine Private Fundraising and Partnerships (PFP) country offices in the region, and has implemented region-wide improvements to these offices, building on the findings of six audits of country offices that were engaged in PFP activities in 2014.
Because the HDI is calculated on the basis of long-term human development outcomes, it reflects neither the level of policy-making efforts nor short-term human development gains.
It is these three core human development indicators that the HDI reflects.
7. The Summit expressed its sympathy to the people of Burundi over the violence in Bujumbura and other parts of Burundi, which has led to many deaths, an influx of refugees into neighbouring countries, the destruction of property and the complete cessation of business activities in some parts of Burundi.
2. The Summit was also attended by the President of the Republic of South Africa, Jacob Zuma, and the Chairperson of the African Union Commission, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for the Great Lakes Region, Said Djinnit, ministers and attorneys-general of East African Community partner States, the Secretary-General of the East African Community, the Executive Secretary of the International Conference on the Great Lakes Region, and representatives of cooperation partners.
Chart 2 below provides a breakdown of requests by category.
During the reporting period, the Office received a total of 214 referrals on a wide range of ethical issues.
Recognizing that the global burden and threat of non-communicable diseases -- especially cardiovascular disease, cancer, chronic respiratory disease and diabetes, which are linked to four major risk factors, namely, tobacco use, alcohol abuse, unhealthy diets and physical inactivity -- as well as the global burden of mental health and neurological problems, are serious challenges to social and economic development in the twenty-first century and can lead to increased inequalities between countries and among populations,
18. With increased exchanges of goods and services and increased international mobility, the project is attracting interest from the vast intercontinental region of Europe and Africa, an interest that extends beyond its territorial scope.
The Provisional Technical Secretariat comprises three technical divisions: the International Monitoring System Division, the International Data Centre Division, and the On-Site Inspection Division.
Teams in Austria and Jordan worked in near-real conditions to verify all elements of the on-site inspection regime.
1. Recognizing that the Inter-Agency Support Group will play a central role in coordinating the work of United Nations agencies in translating the outcome document of the World Conference on Indigenous Peoples into meaningful change, the Permanent Forum requests the Group to ensure that its membership includes all United Nations agencies, funds and programmes, including the specialized agencies.
It is also indicated that the approved staffing establishment of the Inspection and Evaluation Division comprises three posts (1 P-5 and 2 P-4) funded from the support account and 22 posts (1 D-2, 3 P-5, 5 P-4, 4 P-3, 5 P-2 and 4 General Service (Other level)) funded from the regular budget.
Working paper submitted by the United States of America *
The United States continued to work closely with the Provisional Technical Secretariat of the Preparatory Commission for the CTBTO to prepare design and procurement plans for the restoration of a hydroacoustic station on the Crozet Islands in the Indian Ocean.
Achieving consensus on global goals is key to realizing an agreed vision of peace in the future, but agreeing on goals alone does not guarantee the adoption and implementation of the necessary policies to promote them.
The mechanism should monitor progress towards the set targets, examine obstacles to the implementation of the agenda and identify effective approaches to its implementation, and provide guidance on measures to change and correct policies found to be ineffective in achieving internationally agreed goals.
In this regard, I draw attention to the unanimous adoption by the Security Council on 3 March of resolution 2206 (2015) imposing targeted sanctions on those who obstruct the peace process in South Sudan.
The economic costs of the conflict are compounding the plight of millions of vulnerable South Sudanese, who are already struggling to survive.
We call on other states to follow suit.
Minimizing the use of fissile material
The 2010 Action Plan referred to the convention as a viable path to nuclear disarmament, and the 2015 Review Conference should build on that.
14. Welcomes the participation of the International Organization of la Francophonie in efforts to strengthen the international criminal justice system, and welcomes the signing of the partnership agreement between the International Organization of la Francophonie and the International Criminal Court, which demonstrates the role of the International Organization of la Francophonie in protecting human rights, restoring the rule of law and combating impunity;
It was also decided to organize a joint side event during the Global Environment Facility Assembly in Cancun in May 2014.
It makes more sense to hold review sessions on certain issues and at certain stages.
In some situations, they should take the lead in implementation, as is often the case in Africa, but this does not mean that the Council can abdicate its unique responsibility under the Charter for the maintenance of international peace and security.
If the Security Council focuses only on the Democratic People's Republic of Korea's underwater test-launch of a ballistic missile from a strategic submarine in self-defence, while ignoring the provocative joint military exercises of the United States and South Korea against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, it will be conclusive proof that the Council has become an instrument of the dictates and arbitrariness of one of its permanent members, contrary to the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations.
Moreover, this is the path we must take to consolidate the peace that will lead us to the development that we all desire.
At the nineteenth session of the International Seabed Authority, the Assembly elected him as a member of the Committee for the remainder of the term of office of Pradeep Chaudhary (India), ending on 31 December 2016.
11. Requests the Bureau of the Commission on the Status of Women, prior to the session, to advance such an emerging issue, trend, priority area or new approach, in consultation with all Member States through their regional groups, taking into account inputs from other relevant stakeholders, for consideration by the Commission during an interactive dialogue;
The extent to which the mandate requires or prevents more direct involvement in development itself, and not just in the transition to development, has been a matter of long-standing debate both within UNHCR and between it and stakeholders.
The Executive Committee, currently composed of 94 States, meets annually in October and approves the biennial programme budget.
In 2014, UN-Women was headquartered in New York; it also had 6 regional offices, 6 multi-country offices, 48 country offices, and programmes in 30 countries.
Despite a 20 per cent increase from 2011 to 2013, voluntary contributions in 2012-2013 were 51 per cent lower than the initial estimates in 2011 and 31 per cent lower than the revised 2012 budget, which the UN-Women Executive Board considered necessary to fulfill the organization's mandate.
In the rule of law sector, UNMIL and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), as well as other country team entities working closely together, will continue to build the capacity of law enforcement agencies, including through support to the justice and security hubs that are being established with the Peacebuilding Support Office.
Israel has the upper hand in this war, but Hizbullah's intelligence and security services have managed to establish themselves among the world's most powerful players.
On 4 February, a majority of the EULEX team at Pristina Basic Court sentenced the two defendants to one year and three months in prison, respectively, for trading in influence.
10. The Board's observations and recommendations on the adoption of IPSAS, which is being applied for the first time to peacekeeping operations, are contained in chapter II, paragraphs 14 to 26, of its report.
The Council may wish to adopt a decision, elements of which are contained in the report.
Internal audit and oversight
In addition, an open-ended consultative meeting was held during the first session of the Preparatory Committee.
This reflects the secretariat's recognition of the importance of reorganizing the current humanitarian response system so that it can respond more effectively to humanitarian crises in cities, given their complexity.
In addition to figure II, the proposed prototype of a new output structure for the various budget sections is shown in table 18 of the annex to the present report.
3. Political affairs
26. Requests the Secretary-General to include in his reports and briefings to the Council on country-specific situations more comprehensive and detailed information and recommendations on the impact of the illicit transfer, destabilizing accumulation and misuse of small arms and light weapons on the protection of civilians in armed conflict, including specific information on such effects on refugees, internally displaced persons, women, children and other vulnerable groups;
Resolution 2220 (2015)
The jewel of Ukrainian tourism has been turned into a military base where Russia, in violation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, threatens to deploy nuclear weapons, posing a real threat not only to regional but also to global security.
In the protocols to the treaties establishing such zones, the nuclear-weapon States agree not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against States parties to the treaties establishing nuclear-weapon-free zones.
These events explored key challenges in complex or emerging areas of nuclear security, such as the use of nuclear forensics in courts, approaches to investigating illicit trafficking in nuclear material, and the dissemination of information on nuclear security incidents, and provided examples of best practices and models to overcome these challenges.
This document envisages the full integration of Georgia's Tskhinvali region into Russia's social, economic, administrative, and, more importantly, military and security institutions.
3. We recognize the importance of effective, fair, humane and accountable crime prevention and criminal justice systems, and the institutions that comprise them, as an essential component of the rule of law.
The situation in the Central African Republic (6 August 1997; 14 April 2015)
Whereas, on this basis, the Constitutional Court is competent to hear the appeal;
Whereas it should nevertheless be noted that the drafters of the 2005 Constitution misinterpreted the recommendation contained in the Arusha Agreement;
Provisional agenda of the Finance Committee
Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations
Thursday, 8 October
15.54 The amount of $1,996,800 for non-post requirements provides for other staff costs, consultants and experts, general operating expenses, travel of staff, contractual services, supplies and materials, and furniture and equipment.
Individually tailored assistance is needed to strengthen the capacity of countries under United Nations arms embargoes to comply with and enforce them, and to prepare for the lifting of embargoes.
Key objectives of the open debate
Organizational Challenges and Regional Architecture
According to the Office of Audit and Investigations, as at 31 December 2014, 75 per cent of the recommendations had been fully implemented, 17 per cent were under implementation, and 8 per cent had not yet been initiated.
On the other hand, Houthi militias and forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh have deliberately and systematically violated the humanitarian ceasefire.
Section 6
4. The most horrific incident occurred in the urban commune of Nyakabiga on 7 May 2015, when demonstrators burned alive a simple Burundian working for a telecommunications company simply because they did not know him and unconditionally believed him to be a member of Imbonerakure.
21. Continues to welcome the statement by the President of the Security Council of 12 February 2013, in which the Council reiterated the importance of cooperation by States with the International Criminal Court, in accordance with the relevant obligations of States, and expressed its intention to follow closely the implementation of the Council's decisions in this regard;
Considering the contribution that all States Members of the United Nations make to peacekeeping,
The estimated cost of processing these applications would be approximately $560,000.
4. The initial proposed processing fee of $110,000 was calculated on the basis of a preliminary estimate provided by the Office of Administration and Performance Management of the Secretariat.
4. The session was opened by the Chair of the Committee, Nicole Ameline, on 20 October 2014, at its 1245th meeting.
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Efforts are under way to increase the African Union's assessments for peace and security activities; the January 2015 African Union summit decided to allocate 25 per cent of the assessed contributions of African Union member States to peacekeeping operations.
Beyond that, it is important to continue to share lessons learned and to ensure that they are incorporated into the guidelines of each organization.
50. The Committee adopted the following programme of work for the biennium 2015-2016:
Services Branch (formerly Administrative Services)
In addition, the Commission may establish in-session working groups to consider specific agenda items.
This measure appears to be aimed at reorganizing the space program towards more practical and realistic goals (in particular, satellite launches).
28. Unlike all previous mandates, the Committee has not received reports on transfers of conventional arms and related materiel by the Islamic Republic of Iran during the current mandate.
16. With regard to telecommunications, according to the administering Power, approximately 75 per cent of households have broadband Internet access.
15. The Executive Directorate will work closely with the expert groups of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999) and 1989 (2011) and the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004), and, in accordance with its mandate, will continue to assist the Committee in paying special attention to those States for which information on the implementation of the relevant resolutions is lacking and in discussing how best to enhance dialogue with those States.
The Committee will continue to consider information from the Executive Directorate on its engagement and efforts to strengthen cooperation with international, regional and subregional organizations, development actors, civil society, academia and others in conducting research and gathering information and identifying best practices to support the Committee's efforts to promote the implementation of resolutions 1373 (2001) and 1624 (2005), taking into account the new requirements set out in resolution 2178 (2014).
These terrorist acts are also intended to undermine the humanitarian assistance initiative launched by the leadership of the coalition for the rule of law in Yemen to meet the needs of the Yemeni people by introducing humanitarian breaks for specific periods that would allow for the implementation of the initiative and the delivery of humanitarian assistance.
It also indicates, however, that obstacles remain with regard to testing of alleged fathers, legal proceedings and child support (ibid., para. 27).
(d) The Pacific Financial Inclusion Program has worked with Fiji's Ministry of Education to integrate financial education into national curricula, so that financial education is fully integrated into mainstream curricula, and that the subject is fully taught throughout 2015.
At the Heads of Government Summit held in September 2014 under the presidency of United States President Barack Obama, the Security Council adopted resolution 2178 (2014), which responded to the acute and growing threat posed by foreign terrorist fighters.
All airports in Northern Cyprus are fully compliant with international standards, and the necessary investments are being made as technology advances.
It recommends that the Assembly request the Secretary-General to provide information on the aforementioned governance framework for information technology security and services in his next overview report, including details on its compliance with United Nations information security policies and the tools being implemented by the Office of Information and Communications Technology.
Taking note of Palestine's recent accession to certain human rights and core humanitarian law treaties,
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the African Union and the Federal Government of Somalia for their support and assistance to the United Nations in this regard.
Recognizing the urgent need to restore security, promote sustainable peace and stability in the country, implement norms of good governance, transparent governance, respect for human rights and justice, and address impunity,
The transition period shall begin immediately after the signing of this Agreement.
Turkey's actions are clearly designed to undermine the sovereignty of the Republic of Cyprus, consolidate the remaining de facto division, and upgrade the status of the secessionist entity by claiming airspace over the occupied territory of the Republic.
Furthermore, I would like to inform you that Turkey and the occupation regime have illegally issued notices to flight crews in connection with the Turkish Air Force exercise on 19, 20, 23 and 24 March.
6. According to the Secretary-General, the additional resources under facilities and infrastructure relate to the construction of additional camps and the strengthening of existing camps in northern Mali, in addition to the construction of helipads.
9. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of MINUSMA for the period from 1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015 are indicated in paragraph 8 of the note by the Secretary-General.
14. At its 1st meeting, on 1 June, the Open-ended Meeting of Governmental Experts considered agenda items 1 to 6.
Direct and sustained IAEA involvement in the Capacity-Building Initiative would strengthen international efforts in this area and avoid duplication or conflict.
Information Referral Network
The framework for the implementation of international sanctions in the Republic of Lithuania is established by the 2004 Law on the Implementation of Economic and Other International Sanctions.
10. Subject to agreement at the meeting, the election will, in accordance with established practice, be held by secret ballot.
In April, more than 34,000 Syrians were denied medical treatment because of obstruction or confiscation by regime forces.
Access to medical supplies and equipment remains limited, and their timely delivery is severely hampered by the regime's restrictions.
40. In order to address economic imbalances and imbalances in countries' capacity for technological innovation and research, it is essential to enhance technology transfer by stimulating and facilitating the flow of skills, knowledge, ideas, know-how and technology from developed to developing countries during the implementation of this framework.
62. Clearly, there is a lack of trust among the Malian parties.
MINUSMA expenditures did not lead to an increase in the overall inflation rate, although some commodity prices were considered to have increased precisely because of the Mission's presence.
In March, Assad continued to use air strikes to blockade opposition-held areas and starve civilians before surrendering.
The Syrian National Coalition continues to believe that a political settlement is the only way to ensure lasting peace in Syria.
7416th meeting, held on 26 March 2015.
A summary of efforts to provide technical training in the peaceful uses of nuclear energy to other States parties to the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Level of payment of assessed voluntary contributions to the Technical Cooperation Fund achieved.
7.18 Requirements relating to members of the Court totalling $15,167,600, reflecting an increase of $461,200, would provide for honoraria and other entitlements of judges, pension benefits for former judges and surviving spouses.
7.3 The activities of the Court and its Registry are not covered by the strategic framework for the period 2016-2017.
3. In the final document of the 2010 Review Conference, the nuclear-weapon States undertook to consider the legitimate interest of non-nuclear-weapon States in further reducing the operational status of nuclear weapons systems.
In this context, it is worth noting that a directive issued by the President of the United States of America in June 2013 recognized that "the possibility of a surprise, disarming nuclear strike seems highly unlikely."
Logistics Officer (P-4)
High-level representatives, experts and participants at the high-level meeting of the Global Dialogue on Capacity-Building and Effective Institutional Framework for the Post-2015 Development Agenda, held in Chisinau, Republic of Moldova, on 25 and 26 February 2015,
In 2014 alone, 61 journalists were killed (30 per cent were freelancers and 87 per cent were local journalists), 23 were killed in direct crossfire, and 11 died in other circumstances while on dangerous missions.
Police Officer post redeployed from Khartoum Liaison Office
In 2005, the State Great Hural (Parliament) of Mongolia endorsed the Millennium Development Goals for Mongolia and added a ninth goal, "Strengthening human rights and consolidating democratic governance."
The public recognizes the importance of these functions, and policymakers are working to further strengthen this framework.
The one-year extension is based on the Government's request to allow the review of the National Development Plan 2012-2015 to be completed and used to develop a new national development plan.
The Government's request for a one-year extension was transmitted to the United Nations Development Group by the Group of West and Central African States, which in turn approved the extension.
Vienna, 25 February 2015
7. In accordance with its obligations under article III of the Treaty, Algeria concluded a Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in 1996.
Report submitted by Algeria *
In addition, some 15.6 million people gained access to safe drinking water through the supply of chlorine during the month.
59. Mortar and rocket attacks on Damascus by non-State armed groups in Damascus have worsened the security situation, including that of United Nations personnel.
In East Africa, a number of Global Citizenship Education Initiative projects have been developed, notably in Kenya and South Sudan.
Please also provide information on the number of shelters for women victims in the country and the nature of their funding.
5. The report is silent on the use of temporary special measures during the reporting period.
1. The Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues recommends to the Economic and Social Council the adoption of the following draft decisions:
The Jewish community is a particular target.
53. The development and implementation of a comprehensive nuclear security plan using equipment recommended by IAEA is an excellent example of cooperation between Cuba and the Agency, which contributes to the progressive strengthening of systems for preventing, detecting and combating malicious acts and acts of terrorism involving nuclear and radioactive materials.
My country will continue to work with all States parties to the Treaty to achieve the prohibition and total elimination of nuclear weapons at the earliest possible date.
The Investigations Officer at the P-4 level would also assist the investigation teams in establishing factual information of an operational nature, particularly in more complex cases, and would report to the Chief Investigator in Nairobi.
43. To build capacity to prevent election-related violence, the College continued to offer its training course on the prevention of electoral violence.
Across the system, staff must have the basic skills and vision to link the normative and operational aspects of their work against established standards.
Provisional agenda and annotations
32. According to the Force, regardless of any decision to purchase vehicles, out of a total of 103 leased vehicles, 7 vehicles are currently to be replaced with United Nations-owned vehicles from strategic deployment stocks, bringing the total number of leased vehicles to 96.
The Non-Aligned Movement emphasizes that further institutionalization of this status would be an important step towards strengthening the non-proliferation regime in the Asia-Pacific region.
10. Consideration and adoption of the Committee's report to the General Assembly at its seventieth session.
27 April-8 May 2015
Progress in integration, either locally or through resettlement, does not mean the loss of the right of return.
Other initiatives, such as rural housing projects that provide housing along with land suitable for agricultural purposes, have also contributed to improving the capacity to address the housing problem.
Takfirist terrorist groups continue to carry out brutal criminal attacks on Syrian educational institutions, targeting students, teachers and staff.
8. Nutrition programmes (synthesis evaluation study)
The Republic of Argentina itself continues its hostile policy towards the Falkland Islanders.
Proposal from Senegal on behalf of the Group of African States on a process to control production and consumption of hydrofluorocarbons under the Montreal Protocol
Based on the Declaration of Independence of Armenia of 23 August 1990 and the Constitution of the Republic of Armenia,
Later that day, President Serzh Sargsyan read out the full text of the Declaration during a wreath-laying ceremony at the Armenian Genocide Memorial Complex in Yerevan.
In his letter, the President of the International Criminal Court, in accordance with article 17, paragraph 3, of the Relationship Agreement between the United Nations and the International Criminal Court, transmits to the Secretary-General a copy of the above-mentioned decision for onward transmission to the Security Council.
12. Furthermore, in response to the Prosecutor's seventeenth briefing to the Security Council on 5 June 2013, the representative of the Sudan openly stated that "the Prosecutor's demand that [the Government of the Sudan] execute the arrest warrants issued against [Omar al-Bashir] and other Sudanese officials is unacceptable because they are based on erroneous logic, and what rests on the wrong ground is inevitably and in itself wrong."
The Bolivarian Government of Venezuela has repeatedly made clear its desire to engage in a friendly and respectful dialogue with the Government of the United States on the basis of the principles of the sovereign equality of States and non-interference in their internal affairs, which are enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and are the foundation of international peace and security.
Finance Officer
694. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly are:
Final results for this year will depend on Member States meeting their financial obligations to the Organization in full during the remainder of the year.
The Government of Burundi is open to dialogue with the people of Burundi, in particular, as always, through a forum of political parties, as well as with representatives of the international community and the countries of the region on ways to overcome the current crisis.
Given the special situation of small island developing States, there is an urgent need to strengthen their resilience and provide concrete support to them in implementing the outcomes of the Small Island Developing States Accelerated Modalities of Action (SAMOA) Pathway for disaster risk reduction.
It is critical that strategies be concrete and include resources for empowering young women to play such an active role in socioeconomic and educational structures.
It is much easier for violent extremist groups to recruit unemployed young people who see no future for themselves than it is for young people who have jobs.
Although none of these Territories has participated in the Commission's activities over the past two years, Montserrat has participated in a number of regional forestry workshops organized by a subgroup of Caribbean countries within the Commission over the past 10 years.
II. Support to Non-Self-Governing Territories by the specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations
Ratification of the Treaty prior to its entry into force and Iran's rapid conclusion of a safeguards agreement with the Agency clearly demonstrate Iran's long-standing support for and commitment to the objectives of that instrument.
If the Security Council takes concerted action as a whole, it can contribute to restoring peace and stability in Syria.
In Rif Dimashq governorate, 10 barrel bombs were dropped on the Zabdani area, while warplanes attacked the Kafr Batna area of eastern Ghouta.
8.6 The Committee further notes that, under international human rights law, the principle of non-refoulement imposes a duty on States to refrain from returning individuals to a jurisdiction where they may face serious human rights violations, in particular arbitrary deprivation of life or torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
5.4 The author points out that the State party's observations are limited to admissibility and no observations on the merits have been submitted.
The reprocessing plant, which is also located at military facilities and is currently being tested to determine the parameters of the process, has already been placed under ABACC and IAEA safeguards.
Brazil, both bilaterally and as a State party to the Treaty of Tlatelolco, continues to call on the nuclear-weapon States to reconsider their position on this issue, with a view to providing unequivocal assurances against the use of nuclear weapons to the parties to such zones.
The negotiations took place in a difficult environment, with the signing in Moscow of a so-called "treaty of alliance and integration" between Russia and its occupation regime in Tskhinvali.
Detainees and their lawyers do not have the right to defend themselves.
24. Judges Sekule and Güney resigned in April 2015 following the appeal judgement of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in the Tolimir case, the last case to which they were appointed.
One of the legal challenges that member States face in effectively implementing and using IPA systems relates to the right to the protection of the law against unlawful or arbitrary interference with privacy in the context of the collection, retention, transmission and use of passenger data (article 17 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights; article 12 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights).
II. Recent developments and new trends
23. The right of access to information and transparency in the work of the security agencies should be respected in order to build trust between the public and the security agencies and enhance cooperation between them in accordance with the law and investigative procedures.
5. Terrorism should not be associated with any particular religion, nationality, civilization or ethnic group.
Two Israeli enemy helicopters circled over the occupied Shab'a Farms.
9 March 2015
In this regard, the outcome documents of the 2000 and 2010 Review Conferences reaffirmed that each country's choices and decisions in the peaceful uses of nuclear energy should be respected without jeopardizing its policies or international cooperation agreements and arrangements for peaceful uses of nuclear energy, as well as its fuel-cycle policies.
Two more were withdrawn by the Director of OIAI in 2014 in response to comments received from the concerned Member State and / or the Executive Director, respectively.
2. Asset management
- Mr. Raymond Debelle (Belgium), weapons;
One CN-235 Turkish military aircraft violated international air traffic regulations and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus by entering the Nicosia FIR and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus without diplomatic permit or contacting the Nicosia ACC, landing at the illegal Tympou airport.
24 April
The Republic of Korea intends to continue to contribute globally by promoting radiation research and developing educational and training programs.
28. In February 2014, the IAEA International Physical Protection Advisory Service (IPPAS) conducted a two-week study of the Republic's regulatory framework for nuclear and other radioactive materials and related facilities and related security measures.
Provisional agenda and documentation for the sixtieth session of the Commission on the Status of Women
Analysis of samples collected after earlier alleged attacks clearly proves the use of highly concentrated chlorine in civilian areas in Idlib.
6. Legal and regulatory frameworks, including issues related to reliable data.
8. Integration of geospatial information and statistical and other data.
We agree to explore all opportunities to further enhance economic coherence among our countries in order to create a more conducive economic environment for growth and to meet the challenges of a rapidly changing international economic environment, and to share the opportunities that arise in our region.
Table 13.3 below shows the corresponding requirements in United States dollars at the United Nations exchange rate of 0.950 Swiss francs to $1.
At 1720 hours, enemy forces completed their work.
It circled over the South before leaving at 1845 hours over Naqurah.
The Houthis then launched a new offensive on Aden, backed by military units loyal to former President Saleh and his son, Ahmed Ali Saleh.
The Committee supports UNFPA in its efforts to monitor compliance with ethical standards that foster a culture of ethics, integrity and accountability.
12. The Audit Advisory Committee considers that:
The Advisory Committee recommends approval of the resources proposed for military and police personnel for 2015.
UNDP also supported land reclamation for sustainable land management.
Information on the actual disposal of all Mission assets is provided in section II of the report of the Secretary-General.
50. In Nubul and Zahra, an estimated 26,500 people remain besieged by non-State armed groups.
The mission of the organization is to identify and develop solutions to various communications challenges as a strategic area of social action.
Centrist Democrats International brings together parties, organizations, and political associations that draw their ideas and behaviors from the principles of Christian humanism or integral humanism, that is, a humanism that is open to solidarity and fraternity.
President:
As a result, urbanization has reduced poverty, accelerated economic growth, and increased interdependence between urban and rural areas.
(b) What is the role of different stakeholders in building linkages between urban and rural areas, including at different levels of government, in the private sector, and among workers' unions?
Agenda item 131
Implementation: continue to support countries in their efforts to develop and implement strategies and completion plans for the Millennium Development Goals, including measures to accelerate and develop tools to adapt sustainable development goals to local contexts;
In addition to Rabat, Tindouf (Algeria), Algiers and Nouakchott, he also visited Western Sahara for the second time, when he met with a wide range of local partners.
In adopting the attached communiqué, the Peace and Security Council was guided by the need to ensure enhanced and coordinated international engagement on this issue in order to facilitate an early settlement of the conflict in Western Sahara on the basis of international law.
B. Other documents, including those submitted by Member States
Report of the Secretary-General on the overview of human resources management reform: towards a global, dynamic and adaptable United Nations workforce
17. This review examines the use of retirees and staff retained beyond the mandatory age of separation in United Nations system organizations.
UNICEF is also an active participant in the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) process, following United Nations Development Group guidance on mainstreaming environmental sustainability and integrating the three dimensions of sustainable development into the UNDAF process.
Percentage of expenditures on activities with a "significant" or "primary" goal of gender equality: 27%
Sendai Declaration
A proposal was also made to establish a United Nations information centre in the Republic of Korea.
29. Executions of civilians by ISIL continued.
Component 4: early recovery in northern Mali
As at 21 November 2014, 86 parties had reported for 2010 (50 per cent), 85 for 2011 (49 per cent) and 80 for 2012 (45 per cent).
22 April 2015
All intergovernmental bodies, including the Economic and Social Council and its functional commissions, are called upon to mainstream a gender perspective into all issues under their consideration and within their mandates.
The view was also expressed that the secretariats of the commissions should be represented in the Inter-Agency Network on Women and Gender Equality.
In this regard, the Permanent Mission of the Syrian Arab Republic would be grateful if the Secretary-General could take the following steps:
Disarmament efforts must be underpinned by responsible policies to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in military doctrines and security strategies.
Article IX
Environmental protection, human rights and dignity, and the protection of civilians must also be addressed.
Recommendations for further action
The Advisory Committee sought clarification of the varying amounts, as well as differences in the composition of assets, and was informed that the UNMIT (Galileo) asset database had been progressively brought into a state of readiness for closure between the various reports.
Provisional agenda for the 7455th meeting of the Security Council
International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January 1994 and 31 December 1994
Please also indicate whether a gender impact analysis is being conducted or planned to determine whether the new pension law has a disproportionate negative impact on women (paras. 100-101).
16. Please indicate whether the reduction in the health budget and the new requirement to charge women 20 per cent of the cost of care and sexual and reproductive health services have had a negative impact on their health.
Syrian regime forces and ISIS terrorists continue to maintain a tactical partnership aimed at eliminating moderates and pluralists.
In that regard, they noted the importance of strengthening the capacity of UNODC and acknowledged the ongoing activities and assistance received from UNODC, the United Nations Development Programme and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
34. The United Kingdom, with the support of all member States of the European Union and Euratom, has submitted a package of proposals based on the working group's list of 68 actions aimed primarily at amending the guidelines for documents submitted under the Convention on Nuclear Safety.
39. The Federal Government continued to implement its national programme for demobilizing combatants.
Human Rights Due Diligence Policy
The Conference also emphasizes the importance of States continuing to take active steps to implement the measures contained in the IAEA Action Plan on Nuclear Safety.
The Permanent Mission of the Republic of Burundi to the United Nations presents its compliments to all members of the United Nations Security Council and has the honour to inform the Council that, on 21 April 2015, Burundi's National Communication Council organized a signing ceremony for the Code of Good Conduct for the Media and Journalists during the elections to be held in 2015.
The budget of the Organization is divided into two separate sections, one dealing with administrative and other costs and the other with audit-related costs.
Source: Global Evaluation Accountability and Tracking System.
To improve the use of the knowledge and evidence base of 411 evaluation reports, the gender equality review brings together lessons learned and good practices.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency has also indicated that TNT, napalm, depleted uranium, mercury, lead and other chemicals may be among the harmful substances associated with munitions on the island.
29G.33 During the biennium 2016-2017, the following outputs will be delivered (regular budget and extrabudgetary):
29G.57 The distribution of resources for subprogramme 6 is reflected in table 29G.17 below.
Redeployed from the Quick-Impact Projects Unit
IPSAS uses an accrual basis of accounting and requires that expenses be recognized in the period to which they relate;
In his opening remarks, the Director of the Division for Africa, Least Developed Countries and Special Programmes stated that the Least Developed Countries Report was the only periodic United Nations report that addressed the concerns of LDCs in a substantive manner.
2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work.
The Disarmament and Peace Affairs Branch of the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management served as the secretariat of the Working Group, while the Office for Disarmament Affairs provided advice to the Working Group.
3. Stresses the importance of the clear, timely, accurate and comprehensive provision of information by the Secretariat to Member States, upon their request, within the framework of existing mandates and procedures;
66. Notes, in this regard, the proposed strategy for the digitization of United Nations audiovisual archives for long-term preservation, access and effective management, and requests the Department of Public Information to submit for consideration by the relevant bodies a detailed proposal for the massive digitization of audiovisual collections, within existing resources, and plans to mobilize voluntary resources to finance the digitization and preservation of audiovisual archives;
Technical adjustments (removal of non-recurrent requirements)
The Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan collectively and individually rejects the false allegations and unacceptable accusations against Jordan contained in identical letters dated 2 April 2015 from the Permanent Mission of Syria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council regarding the recent events in the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp.
Effective non-proliferation measures must therefore include not only limiting the geographical scope of nuclear proliferation, but also reducing the number and destructive power of such weapons and limiting their use.
9. Other achievements in preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons include the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones in various parts of the world and the declaration by one country of its nuclear-weapon-free status, thereby ensuring the absence of nuclear weapons in the territory of that State and the territories of the parties to the treaties establishing such zones.
Commending the efforts of the Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General to promote a political and security solution to the political and security crisis in Libya,
3. Urges Member States, in coordination with the Libyan government, to combat by all means, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and international law, threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts, including those committed by ISIL, declared groups, Ansar al-Sharia, and all other individuals, groups, undertakings, and entities associated with Al-Qaida operating in Libya;
A series of dialogues were held, including on "Localizing the Post-2015 Agenda"; "Promoting Capacity Building and Effective Institutions"; "Broad Monitoring for Accountability"; "Partnerships with Civil Society"; "Working with the Private Sector"; and "Culture and Development."
7. On the basis of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Law, the Government of Japan controls the export of arms and related technologies, which are classified as "controlled" items in item 1 of table 1 annexed to the Export-Trade Control Order and the table annexed to the Foreign Exchange Order.
In the light of resolution 2140 (2014), no licences will be issued for such payments or capital transactions, except as specified in paragraph 12 of resolution 2140 (2014).
The Group also reaffirms that stability cannot be achieved in a region where huge imbalances in military capabilities persist, especially through the possession of nuclear weapons, which allow one party to threaten its neighbours and the region and pose a threat to international peace and security.
A summary of these results was provided to the Syrian Arab Republic on 10 March 2015, and States Parties were informed.
He emphasized the need to ensure policy coherence among donor countries in support of sustainable fisheries in developing countries.
5. Opening statements were made by the Under-Secretary-General for Legal Affairs and the Assistant Secretary-General for Coordination and Inter-Agency Affairs on behalf of the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs.
V. Potential for absorption in the biennium 2016-2017
2. The activities referred to in the draft resolution relate to programme 1 of the biennial programme plan and priorities for the period 2016-2017 and section 2, General Assembly and Economic and Social Council affairs and conference management, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2016-2017.
Recalling all its relevant resolutions on women, peace and security, on children and armed conflict, and on the protection of civilians in armed conflict,
9. Encourages the Ivorian authorities to consult with UNOCI, within its existing mandate and resources, to ensure that notifications and authorization requests contain the required information;
There can be no improvement in relations between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States of America unless the United States abandons its intransigent and constant confrontation and its hostile policy towards the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
It also continued to engage with troop-contributing countries to maintain their political commitment to the Regional Task Force.
They met with national authorities and other key stakeholders to discuss ongoing efforts to combat LRA.
In this regard, the Ministry once again deplores the heinous killing by demonstrators of a Congolese citizen and the harassment of a French and Burundian citizen, and expresses its condolences to their families.
11. As the Non-Aligned Movement Summit and Ministerial Conferences have repeatedly stated, "stability cannot be achieved in a region where huge imbalances between military capabilities persist, primarily as a result of the possession of nuclear weapons, which allow one side to threaten its neighbors and the region."
There is every reason to believe that two ancient peoples can muster the wisdom to understand each other and look to the future together.
Technical support for security sector reform is sustainable only if it is closely linked to political dialogue that can ensure commitment to democratic governance at the various stages of the security sector reform process.
At Headquarters, approximately 9,400 people will be able to participate in these programmes;
a. Human resources management scorecard reporting for 70 entities, including the Management Performance Board;
Delegations look forward to the establishment of a mechanism to link the resources and indicators of the strategic plan to those at the country level to support global reporting on resource performance.
54. Members of the African Union Peace and Security Council and the United Nations Security Council recalled the importance of establishing an ad hoc working group of the Security Council on conflict prevention and resolution in Africa.
35. During the intersessional work, there have been repeated calls for the future international arrangement on forests to be actively engaged in promoting and catalysing financing for sustainable forest management, and to have a real impact on policies and actions on all types of forests at all levels.
Enhancing implementation and financing for sustainable forest management
The Syrian Government will provide the Security Council with information on innocent civilian casualties.
The High Commissioner is accountable to the Secretary-General, with whom he / she enters into a compact, as other Under-Secretaries-General do.
In paragraph 4, the Assembly requested the Department of Public Information to continue its efforts to update web-based information on the assistance programmes available to the Non-Self-Governing Territories.
1 to 12 June 2015, New York
The Secretary-General of the United Nations and the High Representative for Disarmament Affairs actively promoted the convening of the conference as soon as possible and provided all possible support to the facilitator.
8. Participants are encouraged to:
Statements were made by the President of the General Assembly, the Deputy Secretary-General and the Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council.
The countries of the Northern Triangle are three times more likely to be affected by natural disasters than the rest of Latin America.
A summary, as at 10 May 2015, of actual and projected revenue from annual overhead charges for the period from 2014 to 2016 is provided in the annex to the present report.
Government of the Russian Federationa
Please provide information on measures taken, including temporary special measures, such as quotas and awareness-raising campaigns on the importance of women's full and equal representation in decision-making positions, to overcome such barriers and promote women's equal representation in political and public life, including at the local level.
9. The State party recognizes the many barriers to women's participation in political and public life (para. 172).
6. Notes the benefits, including economic benefits, accruing to host countries from the presence of the United Nations, and the costs incurred;
It also notes that UNMIK will contribute to the creation of conditions conducive to further progress in the implementation of the "First Agreement on the Basic Principles for Normalization of Relations," of 19 April 2013, and intensify its efforts aimed at the reconciliation and integration of all communities in Kosovo.
Previously Head of Technical Support Services
In the same resolution, the Council recognized that, in the light of the updated information received, adjustments to the resumption of the phase-down might be necessary.
It was distributed to all future conference participants as a tool that the facilitator could use during consultations to help move the process forward.
4. Following the appointment of a focal point and the identification of a host country, a unit was established in the Finnish Ministry of Foreign Affairs to support the focal point and assist in the preparations for the conference.
Agenda item 18 (h)
International Federation for Family Development (general, 1999)
Network of NGO Platforms in West and Central Africa (special, 2015)
Article 262 (1) of the COP also provides for the possibility of submitting an application and accompanying documents electronically.
In enforcement proceedings, the only objections that can be raised to a mediation document signed in domestic proceedings are those that arise after the document has been signed.
37. The review process coincides with the development of the post-2015 sustainable development agenda and goals.
The next step is to test a full-scale tank and conduct a validation test.
Estimated resources for 2016-2017 also take into account anticipated voluntary contributions.
72. Partnerships, networks and governance networks, in their various combinations, are seen as new, more flexible and horizontal forms of governance that are based on the principle of non-hierarchical governance, in which multiple organizations or power and authority structures that are not formally subordinate to one another operate in an interconnected and interdependent manner, creating horizontal channels of interaction and knowledge-sharing.
This shift will be possible only if it is accompanied by reliable communication, advocacy, and investment in institutional and human resource capacity-building.
As the range of possible solutions necessarily expands, so does the range of actors and decision-makers, and there is a need for ongoing efforts to simplify and synthesize information to ensure global awareness.
Reiterating its call upon the parties and the neighbouring States to cooperate more fully with the United Nations and with each other and to intensify their engagement to break the current impasse and achieve progress towards a political solution,
In determining the penalty, judges take into account the gravity of the crimes committed.
Section 9 (f) of the Judiciary Act establishes jurisdiction over crimes committed by Sri Lankan citizens outside the country.
The increase is partly offset by reduced requirements for travel of staff, taking into account the expected impact of the implementation of the approved standards of accommodation for air travel and reduced requirements for contractual services.
It also liaises and negotiates with UNEP, UN-HABITAT and other agencies on all aspects of service arrangements, agrees, under the authority of the Director-General of the Office, with the host country authorities on all administrative and financial matters related to the implementation of the headquarters agreement, and determines and negotiates cost-sharing arrangements with other United Nations entities and specialized agencies for the services provided to them.
He also noted the continuing negative impact of the conflict in the Syrian Arab Republic on Lebanon, including the presence of Syrian refugees in the country and the burden borne by host communities supporting refugees.
In 1944, Crimean Tatars were deported from the Crimean peninsula as a result of a state-sponsored coercive action ordered by then-Soviet leader I. Stalin.
18. The economic and social development of all the world's peoples is one of the main objectives of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
Thus, identifying the linkages between the sustainable development of the oceans and the goals formulated by the Open Working Group can help to better understand the role of the oceans in sustainable development and the need for greater integration of the environmental, social and economic dimensions of the ocean.
In addition to the expansion of settlements, on 4 May the occupying Power approved plans to demolish tents and houses in the village of Khirbet Susiya near Al-Khalil to build a settler park in the area.
3.2 The authors emphasize that discriminatory common law rules in the State party continue to govern the situation of millions of women who face the same violations as the authors themselves.
As a result, the authors were deprived of their rights to participate in the administration of the spouses' property and to inherit after the death of their spouses.
Plutonium storage facilities at Sellafield and gas enrichment centrifuges at Capenhurst are currently scheduled for IAEA inspection.
Thanks to unrelenting efforts, we have reduced our nuclear arsenal by more than 50 per cent from its Cold War peak, and since 1998 all of our air-based nuclear assets have been decommissioned and dismantled.
d. Demand that all Member States support all efforts to ensure the holding of the Conference on the establishment of a Middle East zone free of nuclear weapons and all other weapons of mass destruction and the full implementation of the 1995 Resolution;
4. Recalls that the working group has repeatedly discussed fund-raising and ways to achieve sustainable and balanced funding for the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, with a view to ensuring effective technical assistance, implementation capacity and sustainability of thematic, global, regional and country programmes;
Recalling also that the Political Declaration and Plan of Action on International Cooperation towards an Integrated and Balanced Strategy to Counter the World Drug Problem states that Member States should consider, within their national legal frameworks and consistent with applicable international law, the full application of drug treatment and care to offenders, in particular the provision of treatment as an alternative to imprisonment, where appropriate,
Draft report
1. A plan of work for exploration shall be approved for a period of 15 years.
Recalling that, in accordance with article 162, subparagraphs 2 (a) and (l), of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, the Council shall supervise and coordinate the implementation of the provisions of Part XI of the Convention on all matters and issues within the competence of the Authority, and shall exercise control over activities in the Area in accordance with article 153, paragraph 4, of the Convention and the rules, regulations and procedures of the Authority,
Accordingly, Act No. 64 of 2013 established the Directorate for Indigenous Affairs.
While transparency in the implementation of non-proliferation obligations by non-nuclear-weapon States is ensured through reports to the Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) based on IAEA safeguards, there is no specific mechanism to ensure transparency in the implementation of nuclear disarmament obligations by nuclear-weapon States.
a. Substantive servicing of meetings: multi-year expert meetings on fostering economic integration and cooperation (2), multi-year expert meetings on creating an enabling environment at all levels (1);
As recognized throughout the region, this step was a reaffirmation, at the highest political level, of the will of the Argentine Government to achieve a peaceful and definitive solution to the sovereignty dispute.
Gibraltar has characteristics that are not found in other decolonized Territories.
Annexes 1 to 7 are available separately on the UNFPA website.
Together with the 34 cases carried over from 2013, the total number of cases in 2014 was 105, compared to 42 in 2012 and 81 in 2013, respectively (see table 7).
In addition, during the reporting period, the UNISFA police gender unit trained 50 women on sexual and gender-based violence, including domestic violence.
In his opening remarks, the African Union mediator noted that the leadership of the Abyei Joint Oversight Committee had been completely reconstituted, and expressed the hope that this would give fresh impetus to the Committee's work.
47. It follows that the entire situation concerning the scope and provisions of the proposed treaty is important.
21. At the design stage of treaty procedures, terms relating to specific facilities should be clearly defined and information relevant to the facility communicated to the parties.
Table 3.18
Agenda item 7 (b)
UNHCR has extended the SAFE (provision of clean cooking fuels and alternative energy sources) project to South Kivu, building on a successful pilot project in North Kivu, where it has reduced the risk of sexual violence for internally displaced women who collect firewood and water.
28 July 2014
We are proud to represent different countries, cultures, points of view and perspectives.
In addition, funding from the Directorate-General for Humanitarian Aid and Civil Protection of the European Commission and the Spanish Agency for International Development Cooperation provides additional capacity (including an international security officer in MINURSO's security management system) to enhance the security of humanitarian activities and personnel in the camps.
The Mission resumed discussions with the parties in a specialized working group initiated in November 2013 to clarify the understanding of the agreement, overcome differences in approach, address the concerns of each party regarding the application of the agreement in the current operational environment, and generally strengthen the MINURSO monitoring regime, in particular with regard to access to military sites and the characterization of violations.
The parties stressed the importance of holding regular meetings in this tripartite format on issues of common interest related to regional and international cooperation, and agreed to hold the next meeting in the Republic of Turkey.
The purpose of the information materials is to synthesize factual technical information in a neutral manner, describing the market sector and subsectors, reporting on low-GWP alternatives to HFCs, and discussing key issues, including commercial availability, costs, safety and standards, energy efficiency, technical training, etc.
Mr. Petter Neksa (SINTEF, Sweden)
Wishing to promote cooperation between the United Nations and the Eurasian Economic Union,
The present note responds to the main issues raised in the section of the report entitled "Governance and oversight by Member States."
At the 2010 Review Conference, all States parties to the Treaty expressed "deep concern at the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons."
Together with the Netherlands and South Africa, Switzerland has submitted draft decisions to keep the issue of revitalization on the agenda of the General Assembly, and calls on the international community to continue to explore, consider and consolidate options, proposals and elements for revitalizing the entire United Nations disarmament machinery, including the Conference on Disarmament.
On Monday, 30 March 2015, at approximately 1.30 a.m., Syrian regime helicopters dropped four barrel bombs filled with a toxic chemical substance on the Syrian city of Idlib.
26. AIDS is the second leading cause of death among adolescents worldwide and the leading cause of death among adolescents in Africa.
47. Gender socialization and evidence-based development have also been part of the organization's work in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
International staff
Ukraine also expressed its support for a peaceful settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict on the basis of respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Republic of Azerbaijan within its internationally recognized borders.
Recalling all its previous resolutions and statements by its President concerning the situation in Somalia,
Reaffirming its respect for the sovereignty, political independence, territorial integrity and unity of Somalia,
In order to contribute to the achievement of its objectives, Cuba has consistently and actively participated in the work of the Committee, serving as its Vice-Chairman.
Income from staff assessment
Through flexible and innovative approaches, these agencies have been able to provide life-saving assistance to 3.6 million people in difficult circumstances.
V. Outlook and recommendations
There are, however, significant inequalities in the geography of income distribution: the South Province accounts for 85 per cent of household income, the North Province for 11.1 per cent, and the Loyalty Islands Province for only 3.9 per cent.
During World War II, some 20,000 New Zealand soldiers were stationed in New Caledonia.
2. Endorses the conclusions and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions; 2
Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that a provision was requested for 36 non-training consultancy services, including those requiring expertise in areas such as human rights, the rule of law, and advice on political systems, national dialogue or the Constitution.
Mindful of the urgent need to find a solution to the problems related to forced displacement in Georgia,
Over the next 15 years, the population of all major regions of the world is projected to increase by at least 10 per cent, with the exception of Europe, which as a whole will experience a slight demographic decline.
For example, the Nuclear Posture Review provides for the possibility of "the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the Non-Proliferation Treaty."
6. The nuclear-weapon States argue that negative security assurances should be provided only in the context of nuclear-weapon-free zones; Iran and many other countries naturally reject this argument.
The organization participated in the sessions of the Commission on the Status of Women over the past four years, as well as in the sessions of the General Assembly in 2012 and 2013.
This was particularly true of those States reviewed in the fourth year that had only recently acceded to the Convention.
Other factors should also be taken into account in the situation in our country.
In addition, unequal access to education, including comprehensive sex education and HIV information, difficulties in securing regular income and employment, economic insecurity, and violence and fear of exposure increase women's risk of contracting HIV.
A total of 103 out of 109 countries identified ending stigma and discrimination as a national priority, and 61 per cent reported having anti-discrimination laws in place to protect people living with HIV.
One C-151 Turkish landing ship violates the territorial waters of the Republic of Cyprus and illegally uses the closed port of Ammochostos.
The outcome document was framed as a Chair's summary, in which the Chair identified key priorities for the region and proposed several specific recommendations, in particular the need to intensify efforts to use national sources of finance to address social and income inequality, including gender inequality.
49. Information on the collection of arrears from previous bienniums will be communicated to Member States through an information note indicating each share as soon as the amounts become available for distribution.
1. On the line of contact between Nagorno-Karabakh and Azerbaijan:
Panellists agreed that a stand-alone goal on gender equality was needed, covering the scope of the Millennium Development Goals.
During the discussion, statements were made by representatives of 17 member States, one regional group and two civil society organizations.
Mr. Cihan Terzi (Turkey) *
Morocco
The organization contributes to the work of the United Nations by defending the human rights of indigenous peoples.
1. Declare our absolute support for the legitimate constitutional authority represented by President Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi Mansour, and pledge to use all means to put an end to the coup and all its consequences and to ensure that legitimate state institutions are able to exercise all their functions and powers;
The zone adopted an Action Plan to Strengthen Nuclear Security, Prevent the Proliferation of Nuclear Materials and Combat Nuclear Terrorism in Central Asia.
The member countries of the CTBTO have made unconditional commitments not to allow the manufacture, acquisition, deployment, storage or use of nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices on their territory.
136th meeting
During the reporting period, the Federation organized side events during sessions of the Commission on the Status of Women.
